[All hosts](SSO) Update walkthrough for ASP.NET Core (#3567)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/includes/register-sso-add-in-aad-v2-include.md

    * Set **Name** to `<add-in-name>`.
    * Set **Supported account types** to **Accounts in any organizational directory (any Azure AD directory - multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g. Skype, Xbox)**.

>     * If your sample project is using Node.js, set **Redirect URI** to use the platform `<redirect-platform>` and the URI to `<redirect-uri>`. For the ASP.NET server sample, leave this blank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If your sample project uses Node.js, set **Redirect URI** to use the platform `<redirect-platform>` and the URI to `<redirect-uri>`. For the ASP.NET server sample, leave this blank.
```
